content/home/about.md, before:

+++
# About/Biography widget.
widget = "about"
active = true
date = 2016-04-20T00:00:00

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 5

# List your academic interests.
[interests]
  interests = [
    "Scientific visualization",
    "High performance computing",
    "GPU programming",
    "Volume rendering"
  ]

# List your qualifications (such as academic degrees).
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD in high performance visualization"
  institution = "Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne - France"
  year = 2018

[[education.courses]]
  course = "M.Sc in computer science (visualization, image processing and high performance)"
  institution = "University of Orléans - France"
  year = 2014

[[education.courses]]
  course = "B.Sc. in computer science"
  institution = "University of Orléans - France"
  year = 2012
 
+++

# Biography

My name is Jonathan Sarton and I am Temporary Assistant, Teaching and Research at Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne in France.
I obtained my PhD in high performance visualization in 2018 at Université de Reims (France).

Commit message:

[ABOUT]Update for new Strasbourg Assistant professor job

content/home/about.md, after:

+++
# About/Biography widget.
widget = "about"
active = true
date = 2016-04-20T00:00:00

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 5

# List your academic interests.
[interests]
  interests = [
    "Scientific visualization",
    "High performance computing",
    "GPU programming",
    "Volume rendering"
  ]

# List your qualifications (such as academic degrees).
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD in high performance visualization"
  institution = "Université de Reims Champagne-Ardenne - France"
  year = 2018

[[education.courses]]
  course = "M.Sc in computer science (visualization, image processing and high performance computing)"
  institution = "University of Orléans - France"
  year = 2014

[[education.courses]]
  course = "B.Sc. in computer science"
  institution = "University of Orléans - France"
  year = 2012
 
+++

# Biography

My name is Jonathan Sarton and I am assistant professor at Université de Strasbourg in France.
I obtained my PhD in high performance visualization in 2018 at Université de Reims (France). The research I conducted during my PhD thesis focused on interactive visualization of very large volume datasets. In this context I proposed a GPU-based ray-guided approch combined with an out-of-core method for direct volume rendering on multi-GPU environnement.
