+++
title = "TOWARDS AN INTERACTIVE NAVIGATION IN LARGE VIRTUAL MICROSCOPY IMAGES ON 3D DISPLAYS"
date = "2016-12-13"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["J. Sarton" , "N. Courilleau" , "Y. Remion" , "L. Lucas"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "International Conference on 3D (*IC3D*)"
publication_short = "*IC3D*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Acquiring biomedical images - multichannel, 3D, and/or time-lapse-  using modern techniques such as slide scanners, confocal, or electron microscopy generates today huge data streams. This trend raises a large number of issues related to the management of these massive datasets. Efficient solutions for data storage and processing must be developed in order to deliver increasingly reliable and faster analyses. In addition, the improvement of workflows also requires the reinforcement of visualization capabilities. In this article, we introduce a new approach for high capacity screening of slices based on a tool combining pyramidal images representation and 3D visualization on multi-stereo display, in order to simulate virtual microscopy (VM). The preliminary results suggest that the proposed solution facilitates the reading and the understanding of data essentially because they are spatialized."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
# projects = ["3DNS"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7823463"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = "/files/slides/IC3D.pdf"
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
#url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
# [header]
# image = "headers/ic3D_2016.pdf"
# caption = "IC3D 2016"

+++
