+++
title = "Virtual review of large scale image stack on 3D display"
date = "2017-09-16"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["J. Sarton" , "N. Courilleau" , "A-S. Hérard" , "T. Delzescaux" , "Y. Remion" , "L. Lucas"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "International Conference on Image Processing (*ICIP*)"
publication_short = "*ICIP*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Large scale images allow pathologists to perform reviews, using computer workstations instead of microscopes. This trend raises a wide range of issues related to the management of these massive datasets. In particular, efficient solutions for data storage and processing have to be developed in order to deliver increasingly reliable and faster analyses. In addition, the improvement of workflows also requires the reinforcement of visualization capabilities. In this paper, we present a new virtual microscopy (VM) approach for interactive-time navigation in large images stack with 3D visualization on multistereo display. Our work is based on a tool that combines 3D pyramidal representation and out-of-core data management for interactive on-demand streaming of large datasets on GPUs. The preliminary results suggest that the proposed solution facilitates the reading and the understanding of data essentially because they are spatialized."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
# projects = ["3DNS"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "/files/papers/ICIP2017.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = "/files/posters/icip_2017.pdf"
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
url_custom = [{name = "Link", url = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8296678"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "icip_2017.pdf"
caption = "ICIP 2017"

+++
